Objectives
Our main task is to cluster the countries by the factors mentioned above and then present your solution and recommendations to the CEO using a PPT.  The following approach is suggested here:

Perform PCA on the dataset and obtain the new dataset with the Principal Components. Choose the appropriate number of components k. You need to perform your clustering activity on this new dataset, i.e. the PCA modified dataset with the k components.
Try both K-means and Hierarchical clustering on this dataset and create clusters.
Analyse the clusters and identify the ones which are in dire need of aid. You can analyse the clusters by comparing how the original variables ( gdpp, child_mort, etc.) vary for each cluster of countries to recognise and differentiate the clusters of developed countries from the clusters of under-developed countries. Note that you perform clustering on the PCA modified dataset and the clusters that are formed are being analysed now using the original variables to identify the countries which you finally want to select.
Also, we need to perform visualisations on the clusters that have been formed.  We can do this by choosing the first two Principal Components (on the X-Y axes) and plotting a scatter plot of all the countries and differentiating the clusters. You should also do the same visualisation using any two of the original variables (like gdpp, child_mort, etc.) on the X-Y axes as well. You can also choose other types of plots as well.
The final list of countries depends on the number of components that you choose and the number of clusters that you finally form. Also, both K-means and Hierarchical may give different results. Hence, there might be some subjectivity in the final number of countries that we think should be reported back to the CEO. Here, make sure that we report back at least 5 countries which are in direst need of aid from the analysis work that you perform.
